[singing voice] Aniplex.
[car door opens]
[Tatsuya] All right,
I'll be heading out now.
[Man] Good night.
[whooshing]
[Tatsuya] Three intruders.
[gasps]
That's...
[exhales, grunts]
It's not fast enough.
[glass shattering]
[all grunting]
[electric sparking]
[all shouting]
[all groaning]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Mikihiko] Who's out there?
Who was it that came
to my aid?
[Tatsuya] Mikihiko.
It's me.
[gasps]
Tatsuya?
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
♪♪ Hey welcome
to our special rising ♪♪
♪♪ Can you distance standby
Here we go ♪♪
[LiSA's "Rising Hope"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Pay attention
Hey what is it ♪♪
♪♪ Watch your step now ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Are you serious
No, no, no, don't worry ♪♪
♪♪ One two three ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I'm feeling magical ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I seen my hope ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
[footsteps approaching]
[Tatsuya] He's still alive.
Expertly done.
Huh?
From a blind position,
you neutralized your targets
in one shot
without fatally wounding them.
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Tatsuya] The best outcome.
[Yoshida grunts]
Maybe, but if you hadn't
just come to my aid,
they would have shot me.
‐ [Tatsuya] Idiot.
‐ [gasps]
[Tatsuya]
That's just conjecture.
You successfully captured
these intruders
with your magic.
That's the only fact
that matters.
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] Be honest with me,
Mikihiko.
Just what do you really
envision yourself to be?
That's hard to say.
[Tatsuya] This idea that
no matter how many
you're up against,
no matter how skilled they are,
you can defeat them
without any help from anyone‐‐
please don't tell me that
delusion guides your actions.
[exhales]
I'm not kidding.
Do I really need
to say it again?
[Tatsuya] You're being stupid.
Why would you discredit yourself
to that degree?
[chuckles]
No offense,
but you wouldn't understand.
There's nothing
I can do about it now.
Actually, I think
that there might be a way.
[Mikihiko] Huh?
[Tatsuya] Now,
correct me if I'm wrong,
but isn't it your casting speed
that you're worried about?
[Mikihiko]
Did Erika tell you that?
[Tatsuya] No.
[Mikihiko] Then how do you know?
There are too many
superfluous components
to your spells.
[Mikihiko] What do you mean?
It's not a question
of your talent.
I'm telling you that there's
a problem
in the spells themselves.
My spells are the result
of years
of the Yoshida family's
relentless refinements, Tatsuya,
and who are you to say?
You've only seen them once
or twice!
[Tatsuya] But I can still tell.
Just by seeing them,
I can read the content
of an activation sequence
and analyze
the corresponding spell.
That's impossible.
You're lying,
aren't you?
I'm telling the truth,
but if you don't believe me...
‐ [Mikihiko] All right.
‐ Regardless,
we should take care
of these guys right now.
[Tatsuya] I'll stand guard here
so you can go get security.
No problem.
[whirring]
[Mikihiko grunts]
[Harunobu] You didn't pull
any punches with that advice.
[Tatsuya] Major.
For someone who's so indifferent
to other people, that's unusual.
Not indifferent.
More like pragmatic.
[Harunobu] He struck a chord
in you.
I suppose it makes sense.
That boy does seem
to share your inward struggles.
[Tatsuya] No.
Personally,
I've already grown beyond
those issues.
Is that so?
You must remember what
it was like, then.
[Tatsuya exhales]
[Announcer] Welcome
to the National Magic
High School Goodwill Tournament
of Magic Skills‐‐
the Nine Schools Competition!
It's the same old format.
Five days each
of official matches
and rookie competitions
for ten days total!
This year all eyes will
be on First High School.
Will they get their third
straight title,
or will Third High School break
that streak?
[Woman]
♪♪ 'Cause I'm a believer ♪♪
♪♪ Soul fever jump, ah ♪♪
[Taku Iwasaki's "Soul Fever"]
[Tatsuya] Honoka,
how are you doing physically?
Feeling fine, thanks.
All of our training really
built up my stamina.
I've also been getting
a lot more sleep lately.
Honoka's getting quite muscular
these days, you know?
Come on!
Don't say it like that, please!
I'm not planning
to bulk up into some kind
of muscle woman!
‐ [chuckles]
[stammers]
See?
Now even Tatsuya's making fun
of me!
The only reason he laughed
was because you chose
a weird way to put it.
Great.
You, too?
It doesn't matter.
I'm the odd one out anyway.
Unlike you two,
I'm not lucky enough
to have Tatsuya see
my events and support me.
That's only partly true.
I'm going to fine tune your CAD
at Mirage Bat.
What about
my Battle Board match?
Can you take that on, too,
or are you too busy
'cause Shizuku
and Miyuki will have you
for both their events?
[Tatsuya] Sorry,
but I did help you practice.
We came up
with your battle plan together,
so you're not being left out
at all.
Uh, Tatsuya,
I'm not sure if you're
just playing dumb,
but that's not
what Honoka's trying
to tell you right now.
Oh, brother,
honestly I think
you're being just
a bit too clueless here.
Eureka.
The flaw
you never knew Tatsuya had.
That he's a total stiff?
[grunts]
‐ Huh?
‐ [both gasping]
[both grunting]
[exhales]
[Announcer 2] Welcome
to the official girls
Battle Board event.
The third trial match
will begin shortly.
Athletes,
please take your positions.
[Erika exhales]
She's just as snotty as ever.
[both] Hmm?
[Announcer 2] First High School
third year,
Miss Mari Watanabe.
[all chanting]
Mari, Mari, Mari, Mari, Mari!
I see that she's got a lot
of devoted fans.
It's understandable,
of course.
Miss Watanabe's undeniably cool.
[beeps]
[Announcer 2] On your mark.
[gun fires]
[all cheering]
[grunts]
[all shouting]
[Erika] A self‐destruct spell?
[Tatsuya] Most likely she tried
to throw off
the other contestants
by creating a huge wave.
Hey, they're catching up to her!
[whirring]
So she's applying
fortification magic
while also casting movement?
Fortifying magic?
But what is she strengthening?
[Tatsuya] She's anchoring
her relative position
to her board to keep
from falling off.
‐ [Leonhard] Hmm?
‐ Put another way,
fortification doesn't strengthen
a substance.
It anchors components relative
to each other.
Surely you understand that.
Of course,
considering I use it myself.
[Tatsuya] Miss Watanabe
made herself
and her board a single object
comprising one component.
The spell anchors
its relative position.
She's casting movement magic
on herself and the board
as a single entity.
[Leonhard] How creative!
[Tatsuya] Yes.
It's quite
an interesting application.
She's also using
vibration magic?
That's impressive.
She's multi‐casting three
to four different types
of spells continuously.
[all screaming]
[grunts]
She's quite the strategist.
No, she just really hates
to lose.
[Leonhard] Well,
it looks like she won't.
[Tatsuya] Yep.
[cicadas chirping]
Excuse me, Major Kazama,
but you have a guest.
[Harunobu] Come in.
Reporting for duty.
[Harunobu] Welcome.
Please, have a seat.
No, thanks.
I'll be fine right here.
At ease, Tatsuya.
We didn't call you here today
as special officer
and the strategic class magician
Ryuuya Ooguro.
When we invited you here,
it was as our personal friend
Tatsuya Shiba.
[Shigeru] If you stand there
before us formally,
we won't know what to do.
Ah, my apologies.
Captain Sanada,
forgive me.
[Kyouko] These tea cups don't
quite capture the spirit...
But how about a toast?
[Harunobu]
About last night's incident.
There's no question
those intruders
were with the No Head Dragons
I told you about.
[Tatsuya] Are they targeting
the NSC as suspected?
That's still being investigated.
[Harunobu] You'll be kept
in the loop.
Much appreciated.
[Kyouko] Still, I'm amazed
that you happened
to be right there
on the spot.
Were you on the lookout
for something?
I was taking a stroll
and that's when I happened
to sense their presence.
You went for a walk
at such a late hour?
Well, I'd been out fine‐tuning
our CADs for the matches.
[Kousuke] Oh, that reminds me.
Do your teammates know
about silver?
[Tatsuya] No, Major Yamanaka,
since that is,
after all, confidential.
[Kyouko] Are you competing
in any events?
You know,
with your impressive
Flash Casts skills,
I bet that you'd do pretty well.
Material Burst
is too destructive,
although you could always use
Mist Dispersion.
Releasing substances
at the molecular level
as one does with Mist Dispersion
is a Rank A destructive spell
so Tatsuya can't use it
at the NSC.
Wait, what's this,
Major Sanada?
I think
you've overlooked something.
[Kyouko] NCS restrictions
are placed upon events
that might have
personnel‐related repercussions,
but Speed Shooting
and Ice Pillars Break
are both exempt from them.
Even if that's so,
casting top secret
military‐grade magic
in a public tournament isn't
a great idea,
now is it?
Am I right?
[Tatsuya] I understand, Major.
Anyway,
it seems extremely unlikely
that an engineer such
as myself would end up
as a competitor.
Unlikely,
but not impossible.
[Harunobu]
Are we on the same page?
[Erika] Tatsuya,
we're over here!
Come on!
Hey!
[gasps]
This is a big crowd
for only quarter finals.
'Cause the chairwoman
is competing.
[Mizuki] The other matches
are nowhere near this packed.
‐ [Tatsuya] Honoka.
‐ Hmm?
[Tatsuya] Are you sure
you can see?
I'm fine, Tatsuya.
Thanks.
[Tatsuya] That's good.
By the way, Erika,
where's Mikihiko?
He told us he's feeling under
the weather.
He said that he'd be resting
in his room.
Well, I guess the heat must
have really gotten to him.
If I hadn't been wearing
my glasses earlier,
I may very well have collapsed,
too.
[audience cheering]
[gasps]
[beeping]
[lasers firing]
Extraordinary.
Wow, that's Miss Saegusa's
Der Freischutz technique.
And it's even faster
than last year.
[banging]
[buzzing]
[crowd cheering]
[all] Cheers!
Chairwoman,
congratulations on winning
your speed shooting event today!
Thank you very much.
Don't forget Mari.
She's going
to the Battle Board semifinals.
For now it's all going
as expected.
[Mayumi]
And First High School won
the Speed Shooting event
for boys as well.
[Mari] Battle Board
was something of a nail‐biter,
but Hattori sure did manage
to pull that out in the end.
[Azusa] Maybe the adjustments
to his CAD weren't working
for him.
Well, I heard that he's
been tweaking it all day
with Kenoshita
from the technical staff.
Fortunately Hanzou
has the whole day off tomorrow.
I suppose we'll just have
to let him adjust it
to his heart's content.
Although, I think
that Kinoshita's busy with
the girls'
Crowd Ball event tomorrow.
That's correct,
but he's only a sub‐engineer,
so losing him for that won't be
a big problem.
Leaving it all to Izumi would be
a big risk to take, though.
[Suzune] Then how 'bout
asking Shiba
to fill in since he's off
both tomorrow
and the day after?
‐ [grunts]
[exhales]
I guess that's our best bet,
huh?
All right.
Well, Miyuki?
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Mayumi] Will you please
let Tatsuya know?
Sure.
I see.
[Tatsuya] That's why you
came here so late?
[gasps]
Did I show up
at a bad time?
[gasps]
No, it's fine.
[Tatsuya] I appreciate you
giving me the message,
but hotel or not,
a young girl shouldn't
be wandering around
at this hour.
[gasps]
Yes.
Sorry for putting myself
in harm's way.
I truly am, brother.
Apologizing with that smile
on your face?
Nice try.
Never mind.
[Tatsuya] Thanks
for letting me know.
I'll walk you back.
Oh, no, please.
That's not necessary.
I can't trouble you more
than this, honestly.
Admittedly you caught me
in the middle of something,
but I'm just fiddling around,
so don't worry about it.
You sure?
Isn't that a CAD program
on your computer?
[Tatsuya] It's nothing to do
with the NSC.
Plus, the program itself
is pretty much a toy.
[Miyuki] Did you say a toy?
[Tatsuya] Yeah,
but at this moment,
you're a high priority.
Oh, brother!
Just listen to yourself,
telling me that
I'm more important
than your work!
‐ [giggles]
‐ [Tatsuya] That may be true,
but she seems to have completely
misunderstood it.
[chuckles]
‐ Let's go.
‐ [giggles]
Yes, I'm coming!
[Miyuki] Um,
just so you know,
I feel the same way, brother.
[Tatsuya] What's that?
[gasps]
[exhales]
It's like you said.
You're way more important
to me than anything else.
[exhales]
[cicadas chirping]
[computer beeping,
keyboard clacking]
[Mayumi] Hey, Tatsuya.
I'm counting on you today.
If I may ask,
are you gonna compete
in that outfit?
[Mayumi] Yes, I am.
[gasps]
Do I look good?
I think it's cute.
[chuckles]
It's very becoming on you.
Oh, you think so?
[chuckles]
You flatter me.
[computer beeping]
[Mayumi grunts]
Um, Tatsuya.
Would you mind giving me
a hand with my stretches?
[footsteps approaching]
[Mayumi] That's good enough.
[grunts]
Hmm?
[gasps]
[exhales]
[grunts]
Thanks a lot, Tatsuya.
[Tatsuya] You're very welcome.
[giggles]
What a new experience for me.
[Tatsuya] Huh?
I have older brothers as well
as younger sisters,
you see,
but not a younger brother.
[Tatsuya] Uh‐huh.
[Mayumi] How do I put this?
You know how you never give me
any special treatment?
I'm not sure what
you're talking about.
Have I acted improperly
around you?
No, that's the opposite
of what I'm saying.
You don't tense up on me.
You don't get all flustered
or distracted.
Know what I'm saying?
So is this what it's like
to have a younger brother?
I'm just kidding.
[giggles]
I have no clue.
All I've got
is a younger sister.
That's true.
You make a good point.
Apologies.
I should check in to see how
the other athletes are doing.
Pardon me.
[Mayumi] Smart thinking.
[Izumi]
That won't be necessary.
[both grunting]
[Mayumi] Oh, hey there,
Izumin.
Miss Saegusa,
how many times do I have
to ask you not
to call me that name already?
Anyway, what did you mean,
"It won't be necessary?"
Oh, right.
Hi, Shiba.
You can just stay here
and watch Miss Saegusa's match.
I can take care
of the remaining athletes.
Sure, if you say so.
That sounds like a good plan.
I'll see you later.
Oh.
[Mayumi] She's really not
a bad kid, you know, but...
[upbeat electronic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[exhales]
[gun cocking]
[magical whooshing]
[Misato exhales]
[giggles]
[crowd cheering]
The girls are meeting
all expectations.
[crowd cheering]
[Announcer 2]
Girls' Pillars Break,
second round.
First High School,
Miss Kanon Chiyoda.
Let's go.
[Tatsuya] So Isori,
how's Miss Chiyoda doing?
[Kei] She said she's feeling
pretty pumped up.
[Tatsuya] I heard that she won
the first round with
the shortest time.
Come on.
You know how she is, right?
Look, it's starting.
[buzzing]
[grunts]
[magical whooshing]
[groans]
Ah!
Landline Sourcing.
Right.
Her family's skilled
in long range
solid matter
vibration type magic.
[Kei] The Chiyoda's specialty
is casting spells
that cause the earth
to literally quake.
[rumbling]
[gasping]
[whirring]
[inhales and exhales sharply]
It seems she bolstered
her defenses,
but she still won't be able
to handle
Miss Chiyoda's offense.
[rumbling]
[Singer] ♪♪ I wanna dive
into play ♪♪
‐ [grunting]
‐ [Singer] ♪♪ Give me some more ♪♪
‐ [gasps]
‐ Oh, my.
[Singer] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[Taku Iwasaki's "code break"]
It looks like her opponent
has switched
to an offense first strategy.
[booming]
[chuckles]
[Singer] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[Kei] Either she's
really decisive,
or her methods are sloppy.
[shouts]
[Kei] Kanon takes them out
before she
can get taken out herself.
[Singer] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[Rapper] ♪♪ I've been living
in it ♪♪
♪♪ I've been doing,
doing, doing ♪♪
‐ [breathing heavily]
‐ [Tatsuya] Wow.
As far as strategies go,
I don't think it's a bad one.
[buzzing]
[crowd cheering]
[inhales sharply]
Victory!
[grunts, chuckles]
[giggles]
Huh?
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Kei] What's going on in here?
Unfortunately,
the boys Crowd Ball results
weren't that great,
so we've been recalculating
our projections
for winning the overall title.
As of right now,
we still have the leading score.
[Leonhard] Therefore, if we win
the official Girls'
Battle Board,
the Boys' Pillars Break,
the Mirage Bat,
and the Monolith Code events,
it should stay safely
within reach.
Then essentially we have
just six
official matches remaining
and First High School needs
to win in at least four
of those events, right?
It may only be worth half
the points,
but our results
in the rookie tournament
will sway our chances
for first place.
[Tatsuya] Unbelievable.
Who knew that he would build it
and send it over in half a day?
[knocking]
[Miyuki] Brother, it's me.
Would it be all right
if I came in for a little while?
[Tatsuya] Sure thing.
I hope I'm not
interrupting anything.
Hey, we came over to hang out.
We're sorry to intrude.
[both] Thanks
for having us over.
[Leonhard] Hey, let me through.
[Hanzou] Excuse me.
[door opens and shuts]
Whoa, Tatsuya!
Is this a weaponized
integrated CAD,
by any chance?
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Tatsuya] Correct.
‐ Oh.
Is that the toy
you mentioned last night?
Uh‐huh.
Hmm.
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [gasps]
[gasping]
‐ [Tatsuya] Leo.
‐ [grunts]
Tatsuya.
Geez, how 'bout you give me
a heads up next time?
Sure, but don't
you wanna try it out?
Huh?
Me, really?
That's right.
I've got a feeling it'll be up
your alley.
[grunts]
[chuckles]
Okay, I'm game.
[Leonhard] I'll gladly be
your guinea pig.
[ELISA singing in Japanese]
[ELISA's "Millenario"]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Shape of my love ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Eternal song ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪